pyjail-revenge/solve.md, before:

# JailBreak 2

Unlike the first JailBreak, this time the security measures banned numbers. However, this does not factor into the fact the both `True` and `False` are counted as 1 and 0 respectedly. Using the `bool` function, which when presented with a not empty argument evaluates to true, we can then do math to get the the needed ascii values, counting `all(())` as 1.

```py
locals()[chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))]
```

Note that replacing `all(())` here with e.g. `bool(chr)` does not work, as the shell accepts a maximum of 4096 characters.

Generate this string with
```py
f"locals()[chr({('all(())+'*ord('f'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('l'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('a'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('g'))[:-1]})]"
```

Commit message:

reference revenge in solve path

pyjail-revenge/solve.md, after:

# JailBreak - (Revenge)

This challenge is essentially the same as JailBreak 2, except that characters
with larger unicode code points are also banned, preventing the italics cheese
(see the bottom of [solvepath for pyjail 2](../pyjail-2/solve.md))

Unlike the first JailBreak, this time the security measures banned numbers. However, this does not factor into the fact the both `True` and `False` are counted as 1 and 0 respectedly. Using the `bool` function, which when presented with a not empty argument evaluates to true, we can then do math to get the the needed ascii values, counting `all(())` as 1.

```py
locals()[chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))+chr(all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(())+all(()))]
```

Note that replacing `all(())` here with e.g. `bool(chr)` does not work, as the shell accepts a maximum of 4096 characters.

Generate this string with
```py
f"locals()[chr({('all(())+'*ord('f'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('l'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('a'))[:-1]})+chr({('all(())+'*ord('g'))[:-1]})]"
```
